Salam aleikum wa rahmatullah but I can
talk of us are safe who had another LA
City huh Lal media pad icon might offer
film like Al Arabiya sodium in absolute
wahwee why they had more ash first LA
one head inch Riley Joe Biden noir
feeble mosaic Ethier mrs. Miller
her name is over but I'm not hitting a
tablet shaken harder it wasn't hagood
adam acid what you'd in the community
hello Cinderella thought L Iraq manuals
Haggerty Shaheen Adamu Jord ordan the
convertible he nailed cable cable
Manhattan media pathos kind of manage a
lot of who's Emma had to listen no Sarah
no my first law I had inch margin and to
come there was then hokum Smith marine
graph vertically I'm an economist Kalish
why ya got mini sim no sir hot SIM card
and not become Academy mobile and we're
back at elite Adam had a famous
community I mean for G Helena's hala
Madrid Hina the related I'm at 40 with a
lot of one - eg an Oscar limited and
then he enacted m3g will Wi-Fi but has
got special gigabytes ba-ba-boom Lavinia
nor a silver alone a simple motor dr.
Shasha me attend was a tertiary MPP I
when I can hear full HD session of
self-will HD wouldn't come Babel
Messalonskee MLG has a phenomenal
Android photography or Full HD but also
with a mini a megapixel and come dual
Liddell cami local fear VK mama mia Niwa
had first lotta Lotta megapixel camera
Meridiana video lead so er never miss
really hold ice-cream sandwich I'm a for
the no meat or overcome Shalem in Kedah
who are quite coral morality limited to
marriage equality Madrid fee so Ottawa
hit first name gigahertz Google cortex
a9 at all she has a well Michelle Matata
I know so Jasmine I had a pension kind
of jawad enough so as meters in it
deftly who supplier gigabyte a lot more
holiday that in a few nautical quick
launchers would you dare enough cell
tablet Kohala like that that at the
communal at the data of cyclic a man
about the tablet grovelling scream Santa
Bertolini Arbor philosopher first lava
had elements Callum Bardot you know
we'd all be system novellas softly adobe
systems mobile madam Sergey has more
than to come come on full HD screen -
analytical inch of one honey had the
full HD fur and equal movie studio
hearty laugh nom I did okay when I get
to the bottom nothing
I mean I had to swim hard so what module
to combat the bell tower came here to
get our little video enough so she has
another video finish off a message
Aikido I don't know what the video in
such a normal American video other
widget feel we saw what about full HD LG
has a gym instructor 4G well
academically modular and referral coatl
3G but then I go and go to an s10
understand me why do i mean- G has G
house and hidden Manitoba teratogen from
a meal account of women who are way and
the most heinous give me Jesus get Jeff
national convergence area aluminum WC -
Bunyan mikono Fiona so Nakayama larger
messages and shellfish allergy second
hide the ideological feel enough salute
tablets medical camera
we're in a dual LED with some as mowjood
immunogen her fear and I've said tablet
more Judah in the car gently fog here
nah we didn't have the SIM card will
micro SD
are they Kimberly mojo tehina frittata
summer move to the middle jihadi general
attack mode in the community by the
channel crisis meadow and the Khmer
keyboard Agata we now move dude enough
sunshine cable Shan generally sort will
power
well they kind of another bus area and
upset tablet on December second moto
well I can accommodate any who didn't
have powerful tablet in the mood with
azalea's kilometer samsung tab to a
certain point one limo joe dimaggio
table today sauce but elmo varnish
ocular not gonna shake him up kharab
roulette scale back get him to a feel of
his soak and if he tomatoes give me
attitude Amana has a shake it what I can
happen house I associated and I could
hear on either G has its man an
americorps man lice cream sandwich which
over America yes sir idea why don't he
has get Kannamma commando middle we see
the matter I know our on the America
would not fear spoke over Silas a flat
and cinema like a Tory Shetty killer
well Donna died come Phil G has Salam
alaikum warahmatullahi wabarakatuh